{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SimSun;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author twindai hotmail}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\vieww16120\viewh15780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 PART 1 of 2
\f1\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'a0
\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Dawdawd dawdw(ityu hught adwid adw, I've had to split this tutorial up in to two parts. The next part will cover outdoor and indoor lighting and general techniques for a 3D artist)
\f1\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'a0
\fs21 \
\

\fs20 \'a0
\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2 The goals of lighting in 3D computer graphics are more or less the same as those o
\fs26 f real world lighting. Lighting serves a basic function of bringing out, or pushing back the shapes of objects visible from the camera's view. It gives a two-dimensional image on the monitor an illusion of the third dimension-depth. But it does not just stop there. It gives an image its personality, its character. A scene lit in different ways can give a feeling of happiness, of sorrow, of fear etc., and it can do so in dramatic or subtle ways. Along with personality and character, lighting fills a scene with emotion that is directly transmitted to the viewer.
\f1 \

\f0 3Trying to simulate a real environment in an artificial one can be a daunting task. 
\f1\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0 \'a0
\fs21 \
\

\fs20 \'a0
\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 3333 monitor an illusion of the third dimension-depth. But it does not just stop there. It gives an image its personality, its character. A scene lit in different ways can give a 542 23434, of fear etc., and it can do so in dramatic or subtle ways. Along with personality and character, lighting fills a scene with emotion that is directly transmit
\f1\fs28 \
\'a0\

\f0 ted to the viewer.
\f1 \

\f0 Trying to 4545 e image carries enough emotion to elicit a "wow" from the people viewing it. Making 3D renderings photo-realistic can be hard. Putting deep emotions in them can be 54 However, if you plan out your lighting strategy for the mood and emotion that you want your rendering to express, you make the process easier for yourself.
\f1 \
\'a0\
\'a0
\f2\i\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\fs20 \cf0 \'a0
\fs21 \

\fs20 \'a0
\fs21 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 PART 1 of 2
\f1 \
\'a0\

\f0 (Owing to excessive workload, I've had to split this tutorial up in to two parts. The next part will cover outdoor and indoor lighting and general techniques for a 3D artist)
\f1 \
\'a0\
\
\'a0\

\f0 Tqw322423423432he goals of lighting in 3D computer graphics are more or less the same as those of real adweh5
\f1  \'a05
\f0  in dramatic or subtle ways. Along with personality and character, lighting fills a scene with emotion that is directly transmitted to the viewer.
\f1 \

\f0 Trying to simulate a real environment in an artificial one can be a daunting task. But even if you make your 3D rendering look absolutely photo-realistic, it doesn't guarantee that the image carries enough emotion to elicit a "wow" from the people viewing it. Making 3D renderings photo-realistic can be hard. Putting deep emotions in them can be even harder. However, if you plan out your lighting strategy for the mood and emotion that you want your rendering to express, you make the process easier for yourself.
\f1 \
\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf0 \
\'a0\
}